hello today I've got one soon from my
mate Jim over at refining fire chilis
com he sent me the shirt get on that a
bit later but set me this heard a lot of
people talking about it in forums and
thought or wouldn't mind that so think
Jim was kind enough to send it over so
give it a crack and yeah have a chat
about ensures her looks great there's a
few in the range this is obviously
fought and won hottest one made to an
old mine
smells peppery
it's been sitting there for a while so
good
joining the top
smells fall to the deep sort of smell
nice consistency because it's not too
thin I've got a bit of a chunk at the
top happening so it doesn't pull her out
a sort of a deep a brownie color
hmm
all around just a flavor here
so there's going to be pretty habanero e
but it's actually not it's quite nice
heart has hit me the back of the throat
top back and the power
we're having our nights teeners is
coming out over the top it's getting
hotter and it's moving forward two
ingredients
habanero pepper vinegar tomato salt
spices and point not point one percent
of sodium benzoate as a preservative
well that's quite nice spice anything
out
the tongue is burning inside the fur my
lips are burning starting to sweat great
stuff
alright I starting to build absolutely
everywhere just slowly growing up but
the shirts Jim sent them out before this
one over a while ago and he's got a few
you've got Trinidad scorpion fatali
chocolate had chopped wood red Savina
scotch bonnet orange have an error and
the book when you buy one of the shirts
twenty percent of the profit goes to
support youth venture teen centres in
East County San Diego so yeah it's great
for doing that Jim thanks for sending
shirt
and you check out the site refining fire
chillies and if you're lucky you'll get
one without coffee on it oh where might
a bit and went on a bench before all
right here we go we're sweating it's a
bill that seems to have peaked but all
over the whole mouth it's got a really
nice blow happen so trip so great stuff
that would
the great on
or anything basically because it's not
the sort of a specific flavor and who
hate anything up
yeah excellent back of my throat slit
going off the tongue as you can hear i'm
talking a bit funny site sort of got on
a bit and a hole inside of my mouth
great stuff and then a really nice
flavor too so yeah a lot of years are
probably ready tried it but o yours easy
if you get your hand on that that's
excellent great and thanks hell you can
seek out for making it grant stuff
alright you have a few minutes and pop
back catches
hello well five minutes later with elm
yoga Tico's chili habanero sauce what a
great sauce well yeah five minutes and
everything just starting to calm down
now I've still got a really nice flavor
in my mouth my lips are burning and in
that five minutes a drill started coming
by that settle down now so great and
yeah well jetta to mexican food or to
make food taste mexican so yeah
brilliant source actually um
you get another one that's great alright
thanks so much Jim and yet refining fire
chimis dot-com for the shirts and
probably one of a thousand places but Lu
katika calm for the sauce all right take
care right
you